Fix file name of the bitstream specification file in the documentation. (#122)
FPGA-Research-Manchester/FABulous: docs/source/FPGA-to-bitstream/Bitstream generation.rst

Example
^^^^^^^

> The following are simple commands to synthesize the netlist ``sequential_16bit_en`` into a bitstream file.

Reviewer: I think maybe synthesize is a misleading term, as we'd normally associate that with synthesis into a netlist. How about:
```suggestion
The following command lowers the FASM representation of the placed and routed ``sequential_16bit_en`` design into a bitstream file.
```

Author: Yes your're right, the original sentence doesn't make any sense there, but I only saw the typo. Thanks!
